Excuse me, what are you doing this time?
What should I do if I know? If you want to attend the meeting in the UK,
Don't make trouble, just keep it clean.
If you like to hear it, dance like this with me,
OK or not.
Okay, okay, no matter how great you are as a disciple,
I will definitely defeat you in everything.
Master, what are you doing?
I'll make breakfast for you. What do you want to eat quickly?
Give me lots of them. Of course I made it for you.
Forgetting that he had already moved in.
Don't even take me out.
Look, I'll make more breakfast to take care of you.
Thank you. Talking about others.
It seemed like they had something important to do before.
Young Master, I'm here for dinner. I'll eat on the go.
Yes, I think they are just a few young masters.
Hello Jiuwenqing people
come and talk
This is Young Master Wan of our Wanjia Banner